
https://www.dropbox.com/sh/fnb1uuzhwazy4je/AADdYAXT5NnrsBRgKwD25MUsa?dl=0

London Doodles is now in Radlett, Hertfordshire! - (as a banner or something)

WHAT WE DO
We breed the most beautiful Labradoodles, Cockapoos and the occasional litter of yorkiepoos. All of our puppies are home raised meaning, they are born in my bedroom and then are raised in the heart of our family home. No time or money is spared on either the puppies or the mums, the best start for a puppy is the most important aspect in creating a stable family dog. Puppies are from DNA tested lines, both mum and dad will be tested in accordance to their mix, and we DNA test for as many conditions as possible. London Doodles are pets, so no working lines are used in our dogs, which helps to create the wonderfully calm and sensitive disposition our puppies are known for. Many of our dogs have gone on to be pet therapy dogs, making us very proud.


LONDON DOODLES BREEDING
My dream is to create my own style of 'Australian Labradoodles' which is a wonderful mixture of; spaniels, retrievers, poodles and a few other breeds. This idea was started many years ago, but due to the ways in which the breed was founded I decided it is best to do it my way, the most ethical way I can. I want to create a breed of dog which is free from inherited conditions, and have a vast gene pool, which would help with the stability of the breed. Labradoodles are well known now for their intelligence and great temperament. But many modern homes want a non shedding dog, making the labradoodle a great choice. 

I believe a good family pet can only be created when born and bred from good pets,which cannot be achieved by breeding from dogs kept in kennels. The modern day dog is becoming less and less of a working dog in the traditional sense, their new role is to provide joy to their families Knowing what I want from my breed and what I am already achieving is what motivates to dedicate my life to this wonderful breed. I can see my puppies, whether labradoodles, cockapoos or yorkiepoos adapt to all sorts of lives, and 

We do not use any kennels, we have mummy dogs in guardian homes, which are specially selected parents who care for the dog as their family pet, and in return for me financially caring for the dog I am allowed 2 litters from the dog. The dog has a loving home for life, meaning we do not need to rehome or kennel any of girls.


UPCOMING LITTERS -

Peppa x (undecided)
Maisie x Lenny - American F2 Cockapoos spring 2018
Freya x Lenny - Multigen Labradoodles Summer 2018
